I'm Dave Alsup I'm head of ram truck PR
we're here in Roseman California at
Willow Springs Raceway for the 2014
motor press guild track days behind me
I've got the two most exciting Ram
trucks for 2014 the ram 1500 ecodiesel
with 28 miles per gallon and the Ram
Power Wagon the most capable off-road
truck you can buy
so I'm standing here with our 2014 ram
1500 ecodiesel this is our outdoorsman
edition with the two-tone paint scheme
in the optional black wheels the 3-liter
Ecodiesel engine gives you up to 28
miles per gallon highway it's combined
with an 8-speed transmission there's no
truck in America that comes even close
we recently announced that we'd be
upping production of this model as well
to as much as twenty percent of our of
our ram 1500 vol 4 2015 this is the Ram
Power Wagon this is the most capable
truck in America why do I say that well
for starters it comes with a standard
12,000 pound warn winch up front now add
to that front and rear locking
differentials electronic disconnecting
sway bar bilstein shocks Goodyear
Wrangler off-road tires and a new 6.4
liter Hemi engine and you've got a total
off-road package will be driving this
here in the hills behind Willow Springs
this is a new truck for 2014 new front
and rear suspension new powertrain this
is the beast that will get you there and
back well we're at as we said the motor
press guild event for 2014 it's a great
opportunity to program to showcase its
products whether it be on the streets
and highways or here in the hills behind
Willow Springs Raceway a great chance
for us to show our trucks to the guys
and the ladies who write about them
broadcast them and cover them on the
radio this is great group and a great
way for us to highlight our new products